So boring
I miss my brother and sister
Ogawa
Happy Birthday
Thank you brother
Hey, your birthday present.
The little master has 100 million in this card
Can I give 100 million to my wife?
You're marrying a wife at such a young age
Just be happy
Random classification
Of course I want to give it to your wife.
Borrowing flowers to offer Buddha
The cat must be very happy.
Why haven't Dr. Ray and his children arrived yet?
The cat is coming.
Then my brother and I will send the identity thing.
Isn't it going to fall off the line?
Erbao, are you not happy?
Mommy
Are we going to a little friend's birthday party?
I don't want to eat it.
I still don't know if Daddy is happy
Cat, if daddy steals our brothers and sisters
Mommy must be sad
Baby, today is also your birthday.
Of course Mommy will throw a party for you too
Where will our birthday party be held?
Kowloon Hotel